We're a fun team that works well together and is constantly learning together. We are small which allows us to move quickly and have a process with very little overhead.											
"we have a sound and collaborative team focused on delivery for the business under the current vision and scope for the product. As the vision and scope evolve, we will have the opportunity to expand on the value and capabilities of the product and ensure the proper process and discipline adapt accordingly"											
"we work well as a team, we have fun together, I think we are very healthy"											
I fell pretty good about the health of our team. My main concerns re a lack of vision into what our application's true purpose is and the future direction of our team.											
happy with team's overall health and good dynamics. Contrast between this team and the rest of the org is stark.											
Solid											
"The Team 2 team is a  collaborative group producing valuable work.  We have bright and knowledgeable resources ready to deliver for the business in support of our service contract management business.  As our team matures and as our relationship and focus with the business stakeholders grow, we will be better positioned to drive further value through Team 2."											
We have great teamwork.  We have a lot of fun.  We have a very passionate team.  I am very proud to be a part of this team.  ProjectX has impacted overall organization process and impeded our agile transformation as an organization.											
"We feel good about our teamwork, process, tech quality, knowledge sharing and enjoy working together.  We look to improve defining our mission and roadmap and working with other IT teams to better support our needs."											
A blast!  Always working towards delivering more value.  Want to get work done faster.  Continue building our relationship with our stakeholders.											
"Great team work, lots of fun, joking, makes work bearable.  Options for learning."											
Efficient and collaborative.  Excited to work together.  Quick to jump in.											
"Collaborative team.  Open to new ideas and processes.  Great Attitude.  Caring, Team wants to be valuable to Acme Corp. Willing to improve."											
Need some improvements.  It's doing good in many dimensions.											
Overall we do a great job.  Keep doing and delivering awesome stuff.											
Team 3 team provides great value to our stakeholders.  Works well together.  Timber has too many limitations.  Process holds us back.											
"The Team 3 team is cohesive, professional and fun to work with."											
"Where we can control the outcome, looks super positive.  It seems like where we depend on others is where we can't control our destiny and things get negative."											
I feel that our team health is strong overall.											
"We have a strong, productive, quick, trusting team.  However, we need more breathing room to decompress after largely completing R1."											
"I think our team is strong, willing and smart. Constantly evolving and trying to get better. Collaborative and fun and kind."											
"Team is too big, progress can be sluggish.  People should be better aligned to their skill sets.  Bringing whole team to every meeting is slowing us down."											
"Overall, we are doing a great job!  Our teamwork is 100% green.  We trust each other and have faith in our technical skills.  We need to work on making time outside of innovation time.  ProjectX is a huge weight on our yellow responses.  Collaborative, trust, support needed, pawns."											
"Overall there is uncertainty on the team because we have experienced major people changes in the last few months. People are anxious about the future and how everyone will work together. We're staying positive, but also aware that more changes are coming."											
good health. Seems to be trending in positive direction											
"our team as always is strong. Our issues are directly affected by outside influences - stakeholders, IT in general, leadership, other teams, and time. This team is the core piece of what I value at Acme Corp."											
overall good health. We have a strong PO that helps keep the focus on stakeholder priorities and setting the right expectations We've had some turnover which is challenging but our team is strong and I'm really glad to be a part of it.											
"our team health is good - we are open, honest and trusting. We learn and grow together and give amazing constructive feedback. We put out a substantial amount of work that our stakeholders enjoy."											
All is good!											
Everything is pretty good.											
We are fun! We learn! We have problems with support!											
I am really proud of my team and would feel comfortable leaving it if I had to knowing they'd be A-OK. (I don't want to leave)											
I'm very proud to be part of this team and we work well as a TEAM!											
I feel good about our team health.  Operations and deployments have room for automation.  Stakeholder relationships are a big factor in team health.  Three week sprints enable higher quality.											
We are awesome! Other teams are holding us back.											
"I feel great about the team, our collaboration, and the future"											
We are at a point of exceptional opportunity to go out there and deliver true business value for external users and internal users. Our vision for this product needs clarity along with the process definition of value needs improvement. But we are in good steed overall.											
we are a strong team in the forming stage of creating capability groups. I believe we'll have a productive and valuable 2019.											
good overall. Feels like we talk about the same things repeatedly and often beat ideas to death											
"I feel like we're fairly healthy, there is lots of room for improvement however we have a good direction forward. A lot of the pains and yellows we fell have to do with the changing team structure /PO's"											
"we continue to suffer from a poor relationship with the business and lack of product vision, Our team gets along well and has a shared vision"											
we have some things to work on so it is great that we have these meetings to help identify some of those key areas											
confident in the progress we are making. Still work to be done. Significant improvements											
"Our team health is very good, it seems the health of the organization is bad"											
"I feel good about overall health of the team, except some external things which impact the products, such as ProjectX"											
We are at the very beginning of a long path but we are aligned and in it together											
I feel our team health is really good. Outside the team is needing work.											
Within the team we are healthy. We cooperate and provide each other accountability and an avenue for improvement. Outside of the team I feel like we are not valued and that lack of value bleeds into many of the dimensions.											
"Positive mindset, willingness to help one another, eager to learn and grow,. Many challenges to overcome outside of our team to empower us to get to where we need to be."											
"Better than the last few - ProjectX impacts pretty much all of our work and the communication, processes and support are not working well. Needs improvement as MDM feels like an afterthought"											
Good.											
Team health is strong. I'm not sure workshop drives additional results for healthy teams.											
I think the InfoSec team is more united than the previous six months. While without challenges and disagreements the team continues to push forward.											
Good overall. Happy with the team. I still find it silly that InfoSec is in Operations.											
I feel like the team is getting better at working together.											
I feel good about our team health and the discussion was very helpful in understanding our way ahead.											
"Overall, I believe that the InfoSec team is progressing in the right direction. During the team health we voted at least 4+ green categories which indicates that we have shared beliefs and perspectives."											
I feel the team is in a great place from a health standpoint. I enjoy working with all the members of the team.											
I think Acme Corp's InfoSec team works well. We are in a good place.											
Unique											
Siloed.  Fun											
Very good.  No one gets totally hung up on issues and most importantly are here for each other first and themselves second.											
The team has a lot of fun and is self aware of our overall health											
I believe that we are moving in the wrong direction.  Things are not great and there is room for improvement in nearly every area.											
We are doing our best with the things we are in control of											
"Green! I love seeing how much we're on the same page. We have a strong, empowered, cross-functional team and we all share a common vision. I'm looking forward to the future!"											
I believe this is the healthiest team I have ever been a part of. We have found the process in which we work best. We all enjoy working with each other. I believe the reorg has been a success with this team.											
I feel our team is in a great position with team health. As a team we are open and discuss issues as soon as they arise.											
I was not surprised by any of the results.  We trust each other and have great teamwork.  We back each other up and support one another.											
Our team has a lot of internal trust with really strong collaboration.  Many tiems we can be slow to release due to dependencies of other teams. 											
"Overall, I believe the team health for the Service Desk Leadership team is in good shape.  We have room for improvment in some areas. "											
I feel like the team health of the Service Desk Leadership Team is very good.  We have a high level of trust between the people in the group and are sensitive to each other needs as far as the daily work goes.  We definitely have fun together also											
We are a fun team that works well together.  We are siloed into our areas of focus with little broaching opportunities.  We have problems with technical debt and standardizing.  Customer feedback acquisistion is difficult.											
I would like to see better teamwork scores.  Incorporating the AS guys better would be great.											
Great team to work with and any issues already have plans in place to fix.											
Team is in good shape.  The addition of new team members with job responsibilities outside of EUC has added tension to some of the aspects of the team health.  Overall I feel good that the team will move through the transition and be a better team.  By taking some actions that we identified we can contue the awesome.											
"As a whole, I feel our team health is green because of the positive teamwork environment and the comradery of the team members."											
On the upward trend.  Took a dip.  Moral is low.  Lots of action ideas generated.  Some team members are not comfortable sharing.											
I feel like the team is doing good overall.  We have some areas that we need to focus on after adding additional head count.  The team will continue to get better the more time we spend together. 											
I think we are healthy											
Our team's health is very good. We are open to discussing difficult topics are willing to work through them.											
"Overall, I think we have a healthy team. There seems to be some questions within about how we work and what the mission is."											
I feel very good about the open discussion we had in a couple of challenging areas. I am surprised after having done this exercise with the same team many times to get into new areas and raise things to discuss.											
I think this team has generally good health. I am glad we had this session to identify areas for improvement.											
We have some stuff to discuss on team work  but overall as a team and what we provide. I wouldn't give us a green.											
"Overall, I believe our team is in good shape."											
This is the best team environment I have been on at Acme Corp. I have fun everyday I am here and look forward to being here. I consider my team the best in infrasec.											
The team's health has significantly increased. We work together and have a good time while doing it. We are good at executing and completing projects in a timely manner and our numbers really show it.											
"Overall, the team is in a much better shape today than a year ago. We are learning from each other and having fun doing so. Looking forward to the team improving."											
I feel great about where we are. The team is strong as I've seen it. the team is a lot of fun to work with and gets their stuff done!											
I feel I work with a great group that shows up everyday with a can do mentality. We all have the same goals and work together to achieve them.											
Excellent - we work well together and gel as a team											
Amazing. Love working on this team											
Many of our yellow areas have already been discussed in retros and have action items to improve											
team works well together. Team works hard to be cross trained. Team provides value to business. Our health is great overall											
"I am always happy to work on such a trusting, happy, and fun team"											
"Positive, future appears bright."											
"Team is strong, but in need of value-add work to deliver to stakeholders."											
Happy to be a part of this team.											
Most of the categories we where in green which makes me feel the team is doing the right job. There are some areas of imporivement. The team understands that. I hope we will get better. Once we start ProjectX R2 these might change.											
"Great, teammates are all working together."											
I have had the bester experience team.  Working together with team and overall encouragement is the best part.  Agile process involvement needs to be improved.  I would like to suggest to rethink on cloud FPR and how to take it up with oracle its roadmap.											
The Team is great.  Have good support and cooperation.											
From the last Health Team has improved in all departments.  Would like to have leadership attend.											
OMP team is where team work works!  Motivate to address business solutions.											
We are trending in the right direction.  Team is working well together.  A lot of frustration though due to oracle's inability to support our business.											
I feel this is a very healthy team.  We work together very well and receive lots of support from outside teams.  We are actively managing a difficult rollout very well.											
We are executing better as a team.											
"As a team, we are providing a significant value to business in terms of giving them a future proof and scalable solution for the long term.  There is excellent collaboration and learning opportunities within the team.  One suggestion on learning front is to have a team presentation to explain the problem solution for every story completed. "											
Teams is gelling good and team work is a positive thing.  Team is providing value to business and doing best whatever we have in our hand.  Team needs to improve on agile process.											
"Overall, health of team is strong. Some concern about reorg issues and organizational interactivity, but overall good. Remote email I feel very good, it is all around positive."											
This team supports one another through think and thin. They care about our product and the quality and speed of the support they provide. Obviously training opportunities are important to them.											
The questions are interpreted differently by everybody - we get consensus on score but not definition so results of team health aren't actionable. Team is frustrated and exhausted due to lack of training and workload.											
"Team health is good in spite of external stress related to department reorg, ProjectX limitations on time and training, ERP team was asked to do more with and we do."											
"Team health is great, however, team needs more support from upper management when it comes to training the team on new technologies onboarded as well as when bringing new technologies to this team. Also, when reorg, team needs to be consulted."											
We're okay - a lot of our feelings right now are due to the impact of elements outside of our control (ProjectX)											
"Despite all of our challenges, the team is still doing good work. We are able to work within or constraints, but shouldn’t have to fight our own organization."											
I think my teams health is good. We face a lot of challenges getting work complete because of competing priorities											
"I feel good about my team health, but see a lot of opportunity for improvement"											
We are trending in a positive direction - a lot of the issues discussed are known and already focused for improvement. We are getting better.											
I feel very positive about where we are in our development and what is ahead of us.											
"we are on a good path, we need to keep doing whatever we are doing. As a team we need to expand out horizon."											
We're green - once we improve known velocity and release ratios we will be very strong.											
This is a great team. We hold each other accountable - looking forward to the opportunities this year.											
"Team continues to evolve - if something isn't working, we adjust."											
"Definitely room for improvement, but I don’t see major issues. All team members are happy and make great team mates. Need to improve cross training and onboard a new team member once the position is filled. Lots of great opportunities on the horizon."											
Good understanding between team members. Always support each other. No pressure form team lead or PO.											
Good and Getting improved.											
I think we are making progress and growing more toward green. I know we still have areas of growth and am looking forwards now to improve those areas as the team grows stronger and healthier.											
I feel positive and excited about the direction of the team.											
"Love It. Great People, Great Opportunities, Great things ahead."											
Team health generally is good but there is always room for improvement.											
"We are working great as team. All team members are involved and contributing. IOn my view, it is trending up. We should continue on this progression."											
Team is wonderful to work with amazing talent we have. Be it collaboration or team work. We are always green.											
Trending in the right direction											
"Integration Solution team is going in good direction. Every member in team is proud of what they are doing. There is a lot of scope for learning and professional development. The common concern I observe and I have is that the team is short-handed. Due to time constraints, we may not have good metrics. But we work hard and happy with job responsibilities."											
Team is challenged with a lot of support tickets and having less time to work on planned work. Team is stressed with workload and feel their work is not valued.											
"Very Good! Mostly Green, No Red, Only 3 Areas that are Yellow. Being Short handed impacts our Health. Would like to improve other teams perception of the value we provide."											
"Overall health is good and needs some improvements. Things which can help - Better Product knowledge on ODI, GUC, SOACS, OCI Cloud ; Shorter Meetings/Less Meetings; More planned work (I know its difficult always); SOACS product flexibility with migrations"											
It is great to work with this team.											
Overall I feel pretty good about teamwork and the constructive conversations around areas for improvement.  It seems may of these areas are related to ProjectX & Cloud.  I am concerned about the red responses and whether it is one person having a bad experience on the team.  But overall I am very happy with my team.											
I feel good.  ProjectX kind of stinks right now but that is to be expected.  The future looks more green than the current.											
"I feel good overall, but will be curious of trending after ProjectX phase 1 and as our team is no longer so new."											
"I'm overall happy about the team for analytics.  However, considering quantity of work, being midst of the ProjectX Project and tight (some what unreasonable) deadlines it hard to develop complete KB about the entire team.  I think only way to communicate more so we are all in same level of happiness."											
We do have lot of work now but we are a good team with good team work and support.											
Good team.  Ned to do some process maturation.  Hopefully sometime we can actually do insightful or analytical as our team name implies rather than replication & remediation and refactoring.											
Great team and people.  But negatively impacted by areas outside our team.											
"Positive, shared experiences, optimistic, tired"											
Generally I feel yellow about team health.  Our team is so big that it is difficult to proceed agile too.											
"This is the first team health session for the newly formed larger group, so some growing pains are expected, the ProjectX R1 deliverables certainly add time pressure & constraints, but I see the team helping each other out and producing good work.  I feel we are going very well - we will grown out of teething issues and I am very optimistic about our team's future."											
"Feel fairly good about team health given the unusual demands, timelines, and processes related to ProjectX.  Excited to see how scale IT could help get analytics involved up front in projects, and to see how it could help better groom the work for the team."											
Being a team with lot of team members I feel we are doing fairly good on all parameters.  Team work and synergy is still up high and cloud & ProjectX seems to driving most of the frustrations.  Although there are few operational difficulties we are doing good as a team.											
"I feel positive about our team health. We support each other well, we gel well and follow agile principles rigorously. We are the beacon of light for other teams."											
Our team health is excellent with a lot of opportunities to collaborate and support. There is always learning and fun involved in what we do on a day to day basis.											
"It's really good, always fun to work together. We always get great support and help whenever it is required. We always have endless learning opportunities of learning interesting stuff."											
Better than what I was expecting based on what the team has been going through lately. Good to see folks are feeling happy with where we are.											
I feel that the results are aligned to how we have executing and easily adaopting to change. We have good morale - we enjoy what we are doing and we enjoy working together.											
I feel our team is really growing in a positive way. We have added many team members and adopted new agile practices. I see us continuing to grow and evolve in a positive way. 											
"Over, team health is very good. Team is very supportive, work structure breakdown is done in a good way so that the team can work on it."											
"I feel our team health is good, but there are definitely things we can improve."											
"Overall, it looks great working on this team and people in the team."											
I feel very positive and optimistic. Teamwork is awesome.											
"Overall, I feel is is very strong. The team is looking for ways to constantly imporve and try new methods."											
The Team is great.  Have good support and cooperation.											
Our health continues to trend up.  I feel like our speed is too slow because of our model and focus on ProjectX.											
We are executing better as a team.											
Team work is a positive.  We are providing value to business and doing best wherever we can.											
Health is encouraging and team feels positive in a lot of areas.											
Our agile processes need to be improved to help drive understanding of what the team is capable of.											
Surprised and happy we didn't have any red. Happy with everything that in going on.											
"I am definitely feeling good about our team health. We didn't see a single red this time around, which is a good indication. A lot of the concerns raised were about disconnects between our innerworkings and the business understanding of how work should be done. Many of the yellows seem like they will be somewhat addressed through planning across teams / story mappy sessions."											
"It's a great team to work with. A group of really talented, knowledgeable, and helpful people. Also a really focused and approachable team lead."											
"The team is definitely healthy, but there is a lot of room for improvement. Great team and very happy and glad to be a part of it."											
High performance team. Team with a lot of potential. Need to keep up the motivation within group.											
Good and need improvement in some areas.											
"I feel our team is strong and is very healthy. I feel the areas that we have identified as opportunities are likely systemic across all teams. Despite having good scores across most of the board, I feel we were somewhat harsh on ourselves and the team."											
"Our team health is a good indicator of how our team functions and approaches our day to day tasks. We work together well as a team and try to incorporate the agile principles in our work. We have some scope of improvement in a few of the processes we follow to ensure more efficiency. We also have cross team dependencies which impact our productivity, though it has gotten better. Overall, I think it’s a great team and we are on the right path to success."											
I feel great about our team health!											
I feel the team health is getting better every time we do this. I was pleasantly surprised (in a good way) on many of the responses. I am very grateful to be on this team.											
Team Health has improved since our last re-org.  We feel we are making a difference to the business.  It would help us more to have more agility in the business.											
I feel that our team is very healthy and we interact in a comfortable healthy way. I also fee that our ceremonies are becoming stale and formulaic.											
Health continues to trend upwards.  Delivery speed too slow.											
We have super awesome Team Lead.  Great teamwork. Zeal to learn.  Need more business relationship involvement.  We have a great PO.  We strive towards pursuing agility.											
I feel this team is healthy and has no serious issues that would be detrimental to our overall goals.											
"Overall, things are going well. However, there is a need to increase the sense of ownership over what is being asked and delivered"											
We are anxious about what the future holds for us.											
I feel like there are clearly defined improvements that need to be addresses but overall the team is in good standing.											
Used to be better and could be better.  A lot of this stems from the unknown of ProjectX. We need to stay motivated and make time for some fun.											
Team is struggling to keep up with timelines of ProjectX. We are getting surprises along the way but we are trying to achieve target dates.											
"Team needs more activities to bond, right now feel its not one team as the idea of work or conversation the whole team is not aware."											
"As part of OMP team, the team health seems good, which would be yellow. However, I would say a part of larger and dependent team, I would incline to RED. There are a few support related issues due to experienced resources being very busy and due to tight timelines. My inclination is towards RED."											
Level of stress is high. Team sees lack of business feedback which is directly impacting team health. Less resources and more work.											
"Overall the team health is hovering between good and average. There are definitely few points to improve that will enhance the team health, example-involving all stakeholders when we have an exact work with strict deadline etc. There are a lot learning opportunities and support within the team."											
"Current health is Yellow. Concerned that our processes are ""Green"" feel like people ""give up"" on supplying real sentiment in team health because nothing happens with it. Pressure will get worse and health is likely to continue to decline."											
"Team Health looks good, there are some issues which are not in our control like processes/other teams dependencies etc. which needs to be highlighted to higher management. Team definitely needs some personal time like happy hour or day of caring etc to gel more with each other."											
"Over all looks good, however processes can be improved to make more visibility and realistic."											
"Team is great to work with, we are marching towards great ProjectX goals. It will get hard but we can enjoy the journey as it will us a great satisfaction on delivering great value and getting great learning."											
"Overall it looks good but want to get to ""GREAT"""											
"Team consist of good team members, ready for anything new."											
"Overall performance of team is Green, all are working hard and having fun."											
"I feel the team is healthy. I think we have some things to improve on but I think we always will. Overall I belive the team trusts eachother, they have fun and enjoy working with each other."											
Awesome with some grey areas around ProjectX work.											
It takes a lot of work and collaboration to be this awesome.											
"I feel like our team health is doing well. Even if there are issues/problems, the team is always willing to bring them up and discuss them. It doesn't matter if they are difficult questions or whatever the entire team is focussed on both their and the team's well being."											
"Awesome, this team is good at collaboration, brain storming. Very informal, trusting and hardworking."											
"Overall the team itself as one as individuals working together is aswesome. Collectively we learn, grow, disagree and build as one. We work togther and have fun. Team collaboration is high but trust is even higher, which is awesome."											
We have a good team. I think outside factors are causing headaches. This team has get it done feeling.											
"I would say our team health is great. We have great team members, we share the knowledge, suport, have fun. Thanks to P2P."											
Overall team health is Green. Some of the areas that are showing yellow are due to other factors impacting the team.											
Overall team health remains high but it is being dragged down by the workload and uncertainty of ProjectX.											
Team health is looking good. I guess the synergy is working well and we have a good understanding between team members. We have a good vision and lot of learning opportunities as well.											
"Great overall health, realistic view of team health (even where we are not green we're in agreement) good team that does good work that is valuable."											
"We have a lot of newer people with one team lead who is normally gone for SIT testing.  We have a large team, once we get another Team Lead I feel all loose ends will tie."											
We are doing good.  Few ups and downs with ProjectX and the unknowns.  Also once we have another team lead we will have a suitable process for incoming work & support etc.											
"Cohesive circle, chaotic soup"											
"Overall good.  Dedication and skill help us deliver product on time.  Problems are lack of support from other teams, and large team size can hamper discussion, efficienty and teamwork."											
"Team health is generally good.  ProjectX was mentioned 476 times in the session, in a not positive way.  Something to watch as far as future."											
"Very mature team, fun working, helpful team members, Legacy knowledge needs to be shared."											
"Team's health is overall good, but there is a lot of room for improvement"											
Our team health is pretty good.  The health of our team seems to stay fairly stable.											
There are quite a few things that need to be addressed that I was unaware.  Many feel that the organization is NOT all agile.  That was surprizing.  We need more training and education on the company's mission.  We have a long way to go.											
"Our team is close knit and works well together.  Due to ProjectX, we are struggling with setting asie time for learning, innovation and fully understanding our mission.  We are good on development speed, but need to fin a way to get ahead on grooming speed.  We need to have more fun!"											
I feel that our team health is in good shape overall.  I think we are mostly unified and strong performers.											
I think we seem better than I thought we were. It is good to take this time to talk through it all. It is a good break in our normal schedule.											
It seems pretty good.											
"We work well together. We are a high performance team. We have some areas to grow in, but adapt well to change."											
"I thik we have much room for improvement, but we have the right prople and attitude to improve. Things are far from perfect and need to continue to focus on improvement."											
It is great to work on this team. We would like to pursue our web application develpment mission. The organization needs to focus more on coordination. The team is happy and productive. We hope ProjectX commitments will drop off so we can develop new functions for the business. Communication with in the team is great. Our support of existing application blocks us from advacning new business goals.											
I feel that the team's maturity around identifying opportunities for improvement is high. And the acceptance to constructive criticism is helping them excel to a high performance team.											
Good dialogue. How honest is the scale? Going in right direction.											
"Solid yellow. Team is strong, but knows that there are opportunities for improvment. The challenge is finding the time to take action on these."											
Session was very interactive. We came up with some action items for improvements that can be done with in the team.											
Generally good. We have direction on some issues and I have a good feeling about the future direction.											
The team overall is trending upwards. The team are solid performers.											
I feel the recent changes in our team and organization will make things much better. I see our overall score as yelloe trending to green.											
I feel we are doing improvements in doing more strategic works. We are doing good asa team for team work.											
Optimistic about teams willingness to improve. Uncertain about how ProjectX affects our future. Pessimistic about our environment and relationship with the business.											
I feel that we are definitely doing good in some areas and in other we defintely have room for improvement. I am confident that we are definitely going to see some progress in the coming months.											
There are areas the team needs to work on but overall the team is doing well.											
"Overall team health is not bad.  We have few issues in terms of planning, gathering requirements and overall products long term vision."											
I think we are doing great as a team.  We have lots of scope for improving and moving into that direction.											
"I feel that our team overall healthy.  However, if there are not issues addressed it could break down the pliability of the team.  We have many areas to improve and lots of room for growth as a team."											
"I feel very good in general.  The team seems happy and works well together.  We have identified some areas for improvement around support from other teams and our process around agile, and how much we (developers) interact with our customers to devis work/solutions.  "											
"The team's health is drastically influenced by the process surrounding the team, specifically the product owner and a lack of vision/mission that the team agrees on."											
"I feel this team is in a good place, there are challenges that we face, that we need to overcome.  I feel farily confident, about the direction.  my biggest concern coming out of this was our mission is unclear, which needs immediate attention."											
"Overall, the feeling is there are pain points with support, pawns/players, mission, learning that needs some addressing.  The other issues are already being handles or ideas are being implemented."											
"We have a group of caring individuals who support each other.  We do not have clarity on mission or vision of the product, organization or the work we do."											
"Lack of high level requirements, great teamwork, our team chemisty is hard to match, work is fun, ProjectX, missing alignment on mission, improve learning, remain concious of cycle time."											
I always come away from these meetings feeling encouraged by the team’s candor and regard for one another. Our core obstacles are support from partner teams and clarity of direction for the application. I’m hopeful that leadership will help us to overcome those hurdles.											
Continue to push and implement agile. Collaborate and pair more.											
Helps to improve Tema Health. Forum to ven out the feelings and emotions.											
ProjectX is definitely affecting overall team health. Team needs more support form the management in braiding resources for knowedge improvement in cloud workspace.											
Most of the team health dimesnions are yellow because of ProjectX and dependencies on the extended teams. This would probably turn green after go live.											
Theres a lot to do but the team appears to be working in the right direction.											
Great way to address the health for team. Would be glad to know the outcome.											
Team is motivated towards driving team health to green but because of outside pressure we are not able to achieve it.											
I see a ray of hope. Excited about the improvements we'll see by the next team health session.											
"Overall, our team is in the green. There are areas we can improve on. Most of the ""yellow"" that was discussed referenced outside teams, outside people, outside influences."											
"Overall, I feel that our team is healhty and in a good state. There are things we want to imporive as time goes on, but we're definitely trending in the right direction."											
Over it is great. Best team I've worked on! We still look for areas to improve and are willing to try new changes and keep working.											
"I believe our team health is strong, and will continue to be strong even with having some staffing obstacles ahead. I have no worries for this team's health."											
"Overall, very good! One of the strenghts on this team is the ability to have open and candid discussions. There are some oustanding issues; we'll try to work to make them better."											
"Overall I think we fall into ""Green"". Our team works well together even when respectful differences come up. We retro and have a great mindset when it comes to experiments and trying new things."											
I think our team health is great! Many of our teams concerns/discussions were around cross-team collaboration which will be mitigated by SAFe and enterprise planning/more Salesforce consultation with our team (instead of other teams guessing).											
"I feel the team works great together, but our processes and external support could use some improvement."											
"Overall, I would say things are ""okay"". I think in nearly every one of our discussions we indentified clear areas of improvement. Overall though, compared to our previous team health session, I think we trended downward in most categories."											
Very good - team itself is very good. We do great work and are highly functional. We also know there is room for improvement.											
"As a team we lack external support to accomplish our goals, but we do the best that we can with the tools that are provided."											
People are getting drastically different experiences based on whether or not they are involved in ProjectX.											
I feel as an internal team we have a good team health. We work together and support one another. When it comes to support from other teams the team health lacks.											
Within team functioning working good and team collaboration absolutely fine. ProjectX point of view few concerns with cross team collaboration.											
"In general, team health is in good shape especially when we narrow it down to small team or within L&M team. There are certain things need to be improved from ProjectX and external communication/support perspective."											
Surprised to see team split in voting and might need to start expressing these during regular retros instead of waiting until team health sessions.											
The future is uncertain.											
The Team health seems pretty good.											
The health is healthy and team are discussing issues in productive manner.											
Positive and Optimistic. IO think we have a talented team and look forward to the work we're going to do in 2019.											
Team is in a good place. We've made a lot of good improvement in the last months and are integrating new team members well. Its all good.											
I feel really good about where the team is at. Difficulties almost all seems to be outside the team's control.											
I feel we are a high performance team. We have fun while getting things done and bring the company value.											
"I believe we have a great team that provides a lot of value to the organization.  Most of our pain points are external driven, not internal."											
Team is getting better.											
"I think, as a team, we are doing very well. We enjoy working with each other.  We have a clear mission, are proud of what we build and control how to build.  We are a healthy team."											
"Although the team is in good health, there are concerns around resources, time and training. There are also concerns around decision making transparency.  Also, cross-team planning is an are for improvement within IT.  Our team rocks!"											
"We fee great especially from where we came from starting in January 2018.  We generally feel the same way about the tiem, no outliers."											
Good. A lot of good understanding and camaraderie which makes the team click.											
My team rocks! I think we are on the right path and things are well set for us and we are regularly making improvements.											
"I think overall great. It truly is a high performing team. There is always room for improvement, but the team is always willing to experiment to get better."											
"Our team health is pretty good, well coordinated along with good team work and work spirit."											
I feel positive about our team after the session. We are in green on most of the dimensions which is a good sign.											
"I feel our team is doing very wel adopting agile principles, adapting in face of big changes in our business, and growing scaling to new demands."											
Team Supportinve. Good Scope of learning new technologies. Well defined process. Agile Model implementation is a big assett for IT.											
The team has great collaboration and support from each other for accomplishing goals. All members of the team feel satisfied working on tasks and have lots of opportunities to learn and have fun.											
I feel we are doing great as a team. We always have good support from our leadership on whatever we are doing. Its overall good.											
I feel that the team is very mature. We work very closely together and consider each team members as friends. Which allows us to be high performing team in every aspect.											
The team is very open and honest with each other. Helps us stay grounded and keep improving as we move forward.											
We know what areas to improve on. Good discussion and facilitation. It would be great fi there was more agile context within the leadership team - especially with ProjectX. With a smaller team post-IT re-org we are hoping for more focus in the team.											
"I feel we are doing the right things, asking good questions, having more internal conversations, looking for ways to improve, fighting deadlines. We stil have a ways to march before going green in all the dimensions."											
The team enjoys working together. There are some practices we would like to change.											
"Overall team health needs improvement but the places which need work have shown a capacity for improvement. Additionally, I feel the levels of teamwork and individual skill bode well for the future."											
